# NewAccountRequestModel

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**offer** | **string** | The offer code provided to you by your Avalara business development contact.                This code controls what services and rates the customer will be provisioned with upon creation.                If you do not know your offer code, please contact your Avalara business development representative. | 
**connector_id** | **string** | The id associated with the connector | [optional] 
**campaign** | **string** | If your Avalara business development representative requests, please provide the campaign ID associated with your  signup process.  This campaign identifier helps Avalara match users to the context in which they learned about the product  to help improve the accuracy of our messaging.                The &#x60;campaign&#x60; field must be either null or a value provided to you by an Avalara business development representative.  If you provide an unexpected value in this field, your API call will fail. | [optional] 
**lead_source** | **string** | If your Avalara business development representative requests, please provide the lead source value associated with your  signup process.  This lead source identifier helps Avalara match users to the context in which they learned about the product  to help improve the accuracy of our messaging.                The &#x60;leadSource&#x60; field must be either null or a value provided to you by an Avalara business development representative.  If you provide an unexpected value in this field, your API call will fail. | [optional] 
**effective_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The date on which the account should take effect.  If null, defaults to today.                You should leave this value &#x60;null&#x60; unless specifically requested by your Avalara business development manager. | [optional] 
**end_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The date on which the account should expire.                You should leave this value &#x60;null&#x60; unless specifically requested by your Avalara business development manager. | [optional] 
**account_name** | **string** | The name of the account to create | 
**website** | **string** | Website of the new customer whose account is being created.                It is strongly recommended to provide the customer&#39;s website URL, as this will help our support representatives better  assist customers. | [optional] 
**payment_method_id** | **string** | Payment Method to be associated with the account.                This is strictly to be used internally unless your Avalara business development manager specifically asks you to provide this value  while attempting to create an account. | [optional] 
**first_name** | **string** | First name of the primary contact person for this account | 
**last_name** | **string** | Last name of the primary contact person for this account | 
**title** | **string** | Title of the primary contact person for this account | [optional] 
**phone_number** | **string** | Phone number of the primary contact person for this account | [optional] 
**email** | **string** | Email of the primary contact person for this account | 
**user_password** | **string** | If instructed by your Avalara business development manager, set this value to a temporary password to permit the user to continue their onboarding process.                If this value is null, a temporary password is generated by the system and emailed to the user.                The user will then be asked to choose a permanent password when they first log on to the AvaTax website. | [optional] 
**welcome_email** | **string** | This option controls what type of a welcome email is sent when the account is created.                * &#x60;Normal&#x60; - A standard welcome email will be sent.  * &#x60;Suppressed&#x60; - No email will be sent.  * &#x60;Custom&#x60; - If your Avalara business development representative provides you with a customized welcome email for your customers, please select this option. | [optional] 
**company_address** | [**\Together\Taxes\Model\CompanyAddress**](CompanyAddress.md) | Address information of the account being created. | 
**company_code** | **string** | Company code to be assigned to the company created for this account.                If no company code is provided, this will be defaulted to \&quot;DEFAULT\&quot; company code. | [optional] 
**properties** | **string[]** | Properties of the primary contact person for this account | [optional] 
**accept_avalara_terms_and_conditions** | **bool** | Set this to true if and only if the owner of the newly created account accepts Avalara&#39;s terms and conditions for your account.                Reading and accepting Avalara&#39;s terms and conditions is necessary in order for the account to receive a license key. | [optional] 
**have_read_avalara_terms_and_conditions** | **bool** | Set this to true if and only if the owner of the newly created account has fully read Avalara&#39;s terms and conditions for your account.                Reading and accepting Avalara&#39;s terms and conditions is necessary in order for the account to receive a license key. | [optional] 
**marketing_context** | **map[string,string]** | A dynamic key-value pair for the marketing context information | [optional] 
**account_type** | **string** | Type of the account to be created. Regular, Firm or FirmClient | [optional] 
**tax_payer_id_number** | **string** | United States Taxpayer ID number, usually your Employer Identification Number if you are a business or your  Social Security Number if you are an individual.  This value is required if the address provided is inside the US and if you subscribed to the Avalara Managed Returns or SST Certified Service Provider service. Otherwise it is optional. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


