# NexusModel

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **int** | The unique ID number of this declaration of nexus.                This field is defined automatically when you declare nexus.  You do not need to provide a value for this field. | [optional] 
**company_id** | **int** | The unique ID number of the company that declared nexus.                This field is user-selectable and should be provided when creating or updating a nexus object. | [optional] 
**country** | **string** | Name or ISO 3166 code identifying the country in which this company declared nexus.                This field is defined by Avalara.  All Avalara-defined fields must match an Avalara-defined nexus object found by calling &#x60;ListNexus&#x60;. | 
**region** | **string** | Name or ISO 3166 code identifying the region within the country.                This field is defined by Avalara.  All Avalara-defined fields must match an Avalara-defined nexus object found by calling &#x60;ListNexus&#x60;. | 
**juris_type_id** | **string** | DEPRECATED - Date: 12/20/2017, Version: 18.1, Message: Please use jurisdictionTypeId instead.  The jurisdiction type of the jurisdiction in which this company declared nexus. | [optional] 
**jurisdiction_type_id** | **string** | The type of the jurisdiction in which this company declared nexus.                This field is defined by Avalara.  All Avalara-defined fields must match an Avalara-defined nexus object found by calling &#x60;ListNexus&#x60;. | [optional] 
**juris_code** | **string** | The code identifying the jurisdiction in which this company declared nexus.                This field is defined by Avalara.  All Avalara-defined fields must match an Avalara-defined nexus object found by calling &#x60;ListNexus&#x60;. | 
**juris_name** | **string** | The common name of the jurisdiction in which this company declared nexus.                This field is defined by Avalara.  All Avalara-defined fields must match an Avalara-defined nexus object found by calling &#x60;ListNexus&#x60;. | 
**effective_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The date when this nexus began.  If not known, set to null.                This field is user-selectable and should be provided when creating or updating a nexus object. | [optional] 
**end_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | If this nexus will end or has ended on a specific date, set this to the date when this nexus ends.                This field is user-selectable and should be provided when creating or updating a nexus object. | [optional] 
**short_name** | **string** | The short name of the jurisdiction.                This field is defined by Avalara.  All Avalara-defined fields must match an Avalara-defined nexus object found by calling &#x60;ListNexus&#x60;. | [optional] 
**signature_code** | **string** | The signature code of the boundary region as defined by Avalara.                This field is defined by Avalara.  All Avalara-defined fields must match an Avalara-defined nexus object found by calling &#x60;ListNexus&#x60;. | [optional] 
**state_assigned_no** | **string** | The state assigned number of this jurisdiction.                This field is defined by Avalara.  All Avalara-defined fields must match an Avalara-defined nexus object found by calling &#x60;ListNexus&#x60;. | [optional] 
**nexus_type_id** | **string** | The type of nexus that this company is declaring.                If you are voluntarily declaring nexus in a jurisdiction, you should select &#x60;SalesOrSellersUseTax&#x60; for your  nexus type option.  This option allows you to calculate tax correctly whether you are selling in-state or  shipping from an out-of-state location.                If you are legally obligated to declare nexus due to physical presence or other sufficient nexus, you  should select &#x60;SalesTax&#x60;.  This indicates that, as a legal requirement, your company must always collect  and remit full sales tax in this jurisdiction.                If you are participating in the Streamlined Sales Tax program, your SST administrator will select nexus  settings for you in all SST jurisdictions.  Do not select any SST options by yourself.                This field is user-selectable and should be provided when creating or updating a nexus object. | [optional] 
**sourcing** | **string** | Indicates whether this nexus is defined as origin or destination nexus.                This field is defined by Avalara.  All Avalara-defined fields must match an Avalara-defined nexus object found by calling &#x60;ListNexus&#x60;. | [optional] 
**has_local_nexus** | **bool** | True if you are also declaring local nexus within this jurisdiction.  Many U.S. states have options for declaring nexus in local jurisdictions as well as within the state.                This field is defined by Avalara.  All Avalara-defined fields must match an Avalara-defined nexus object found by calling &#x60;ListNexus&#x60;. | [optional] 
**local_nexus_type_id** | **string** | If you are declaring local nexus within this jurisdiction, this indicates whether you are declaring only  a specified list of local jurisdictions, all state-administered local jurisdictions, or all local jurisdictions.                This field is user-selectable and should be provided when creating or updating a nexus object. | [optional] 
**has_permanent_establishment** | **bool** | Set this value to true if your company has a permanent establishment within this jurisdiction.                This field is user-selectable and should be provided when creating or updating a nexus object. | [optional] 
**tax_id** | **string** | Optional - the tax identification number under which you declared nexus.                This field is user-selectable and should be provided when creating or updating a nexus object. | [optional] 
**streamlined_sales_tax** | **bool** | DEPRECATED - Date: 4/29/2017, Version: 19.4, Message: Please use isSSTActive instead.  For the United States, this flag indicates whether this particular nexus falls within a U.S. State that participates  in the Streamlined Sales Tax program.  For countries other than the US, this flag is null.                This field is defined by Avalara.  All Avalara-defined fields must match an Avalara-defined nexus object found by calling &#x60;ListNexus&#x60;. | [optional] 
**is_sst_active** | **bool** | For the United States, this flag indicates whether this particular nexus falls within a U.S. State that participates  in the Streamlined Sales Tax program and if the account associated with the Nexus has an active AvaTaxCsp subscription.  For countries other than the US, this flag is null.                This field is defined by Avalara.  All Avalara-defined fields must match an Avalara-defined nexus object found by calling &#x60;ListNexus&#x60;. | [optional] 
**created_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The date when this record was created.                This field is defined automatically when you declare nexus.  You do not need to provide a value for this field. | [optional] 
**created_user_id** | **int** | The User ID of the user who created this record.                This field is defined automatically when you declare nexus.  You do not need to provide a value for this field. | [optional] 
**modified_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The date/time when this record was last modified.                This field is defined automatically when you declare nexus.  You do not need to provide a value for this field. | [optional] 
**modified_user_id** | **int** | The user ID of the user who last modified this record.                This field is defined automatically when you declare nexus.  You do not need to provide a value for this field. | [optional] 
**nexus_tax_type_group** | **string** | The type of nexus that this company is declaring.Replaces NexusTypeId.  Use [ListNexusTaxTypeGroups](https://developer.avalara.com/api-reference/avatax/rest/v2/methods/Definitions/ListNexusTaxTypeGroups/) API for a list of nexus tax type groups.                This field is defined by Avalara.  All Avalara-defined fields must match an Avalara-defined nexus object found by calling &#x60;ListNexus&#x60;. | [optional] 
**tax_authority_id** | **int** | A unique ID number of the tax authority that is associated with this nexus.                This field is defined by Avalara.  All Avalara-defined fields must match an Avalara-defined nexus object found by calling &#x60;ListNexus&#x60;. | [optional] 
**is_seller_importer_of_record** | **bool** | For nexus declarations at the country level, specifies whether this company is considered the importer of record in this nexus region.                Some taxes only apply if the seller is the importer of record for a product.  In cases where companies are working together to  ship products, there may be mutual agreement as to which company is the entity designated as importer of record.  The importer  of record will then be the company designated to pay taxes marked as being obligated to the importer of record.                Set this value to &#x60;true&#x60; to consider your company as the importer of record and collect these taxes.  Leave this value as false  or null and taxes will be calculated as if your company is not the importer of record.                This value may also be set during each transaction API call.  See &#x60;CreateTransaction()&#x60; for more information.                This field is user-selectable and should be provided when creating or updating a nexus object. | [optional] 
**tax_name** | **string** | A description of corresponding tax type applied to the nexus.                When a custom nexus is created, it&#39;ll have to be matched to a system nexus to be validated successfully. The matched system nexus has a  field to describe the tax type applied to it, that field will be copied over to the nexus that is being created.                This field is defined by Avalara. Its main purpose is to give a simple description of the tax type associated with the nexus so  users have a better understanding of the nexus when it is displayed. | [optional] 
**parameters** | [**\Together\Taxes\Model\NexusParameterDetailModel[]**](NexusParameterDetailModel.md) | List of nexus parameters. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


