# TransactionModel

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **int** | The unique ID number of this transaction. | [optional] 
**code** | **string** | A unique customer-provided code identifying this transaction. | [optional] 
**company_id** | **int** | The unique ID number of the company that recorded this transaction. | [optional] 
**date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The date on which this transaction occurred. | [optional] 
**payment_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | DEPRECATED - Date: 07/25/2018, Version: 18.7, Message: This field is deprecated and will return null till its removed.  The date when payment was made on this transaction.  By default, this should be the same as the date of the transaction. | [optional] 
**status** | **string** | The status of the transaction. | [optional] 
**type** | **string** | The type of the transaction.                Transactions of type &#x60;SalesOrder&#x60;, &#x60;ReturnOrder&#x60;, and so on are temporary estimates and will not be saved.                Transactions of type &#x60;SalesInvoice, &#x60;ReturnInvoice&#x60;, and so on are permanent transactions that can be reported to tax authorities  if they are in status &#x60;Committed&#x60;.                A sales transaction represents a sale from the company to a customer.  A purchase transaction represents a purchase made by the company.  A return transaction represents a customer who decided to request a refund after purchasing a product from the company.  An inventory  transfer transaction represents goods that were moved from one location of the company to another location without changing ownership. | [optional] 
**batch_code** | **string** | If this transaction was created as part of a batch, this code indicates which batch. | [optional] 
**currency_code** | **string** | The three-character ISO 4217 currency code that was used for payment for this transaction. | [optional] 
**customer_usage_type** | **string** | DEPRECATED - Date: 10/16/2017, Version: 17.11, Message: Please use entityUseCode instead.  The customer usage type for this transaction.  Customer usage types often affect exemption or taxability rules. | [optional] 
**entity_use_code** | **string** | The entity use code for this transaction.  Entity use codes often affect exemption or taxability rules. | [optional] 
**customer_vendor_code** | **string** | DEPRECATED - Date: 3/1/2018, Version: 18.3, Message: Please use &#x60;customerCode&#x60;  This field has been renamed to &#x60;customerCode&#x60; to match documentation for other APIs related to exemption customers. | [optional] 
**customer_code** | **string** | Unique code identifying the customer that requested this transaction.                When you specify a &#x60;customerCode&#x60;, AvaTax will look to see if a customer exists with this code in the exemption certificate system.  If that customer exists, and if that customer has uploaded an exemption certificate that applies to this transaction, the relevant  parts of this transaction that can use the exemption certificate will be treated as exempt. | [optional] 
**exempt_no** | **string** | The customer Tax Id Number (tax_number) associated with a certificate - Sales tax calculation requests first determine if there is an applicable  ECMS entry available, and will utilize it for exemption processing. If no applicable ECMS entry is available, the AvaTax service  will determine if an Exemption Number field is populated or an Entity/Use Code is included in the sales tax calculation request,  and will perform exemption processing using either of those two options. | [optional] 
**reconciled** | **bool** | If this transaction has been reconciled against the company&#39;s ledger, this value is set to true. | [optional] 
**location_code** | **string** | DEPRECATED - Date: 3/1/2018, Version: 18.3, Message: In order to ensure consistency of field names, Please use reportingLocationCode instead.  This field has been replaced by the reportingLocationCode field | [optional] 
**reporting_location_code** | **string** | For customers who use [location-based tax reporting](https://developer.avalara.com/avatax/dev-guide/locations/location-based-reporting),  this field controls how this transaction will be filed for multi-location tax filings.                If you specify a non-null value for this field, AvaTax will ensure that this transaction is reported on the tax return associated  with the [LocationModel](https://developer.avalara.com/api-reference/avatax/rest/v2/models/LocationModel/) identified by this code.                This field does not affect any addresses for the transaction.  It only controls the tax filing behavior of this transaction.                If you are looking for information about how to set up addresses for a transaction, please see [Using Address Types](https://developer.avalara.com/avatax/dev-guide/customizing-transaction/address-types/)  in the AvaTax Developer Guide. | [optional] 
**purchase_order_no** | **string** | The customer-supplied purchase order number of this transaction. | [optional] 
**reference_code** | **string** | A user-defined reference code for this transaction. | [optional] 
**salesperson_code** | **string** | The salesperson who provided this transaction.  Not required. | [optional] 
**tax_override_type** | **string** | If a tax override was applied to this transaction, indicates what type of tax override was applied. | [optional] 
**tax_override_amount** | **double** | If a tax override was applied to this transaction, indicates the amount of tax that was requested by the customer. | [optional] 
**tax_override_reason** | **string** | If a tax override was applied to this transaction, indicates the reason for the tax override. | [optional] 
**total_amount** | **double** | The total amount of this transaction. | [optional] 
**total_exempt** | **double** | The amount of this transaction that was exempt. | [optional] 
**total_discount** | **double** | The total amount of discounts applied to all lines within this transaction. | [optional] 
**total_tax** | **double** | The total tax for all lines in this transaction.                If you used a &#x60;taxOverride&#x60; of type &#x60;taxAmount&#x60; for any lines in this transaction, this value  may be different than the amount of tax calculated by AvaTax.  The amount of tax calculated by  AvaTax will be stored in the &#x60;totalTaxCalculated&#x60; field, whereas this field will contain the  total tax that was charged on the transaction.                You can compare the &#x60;totalTax&#x60; and &#x60;totalTaxCalculated&#x60; fields to check for any discrepancies  between an external tax calculation provider and the calculation performed by AvaTax. | [optional] 
**total_taxable** | **double** | The portion of the total amount of this transaction that was taxable. | [optional] 
**total_tax_calculated** | **double** | The amount of tax that AvaTax calculated for the transaction.                If you used a &#x60;taxOverride&#x60; of type &#x60;taxAmount&#x60; for any lines in this transaction, this value  will represent the amount that AvaTax calculated for this transaction without applying the override.  The field &#x60;totalTax&#x60; will be the total amount of tax after all overrides are applied.                You can compare the &#x60;totalTax&#x60; and &#x60;totalTaxCalculated&#x60; fields to check for any discrepancies  between an external tax calculation provider and the calculation performed by AvaTax. | [optional] 
**adjustment_reason** | **string** | If this transaction was adjusted, indicates the unique ID number of the reason why the transaction was adjusted. | [optional] 
**adjustment_description** | **string** | If this transaction was adjusted, indicates a description of the reason why the transaction was adjusted. | [optional] 
**locked** | **bool** | If this transaction has been reported to a tax authority, this transaction is considered locked and may not be adjusted after reporting. | [optional] 
**region** | **string** | The two-or-three character ISO region code of the region for this transaction. | [optional] 
**country** | **string** | The two-character ISO 3166 code of the country for this transaction. | [optional] 
**version** | **int** | If this transaction was adjusted, this indicates the version number of this transaction.  Incremented each time the transaction  is adjusted. | [optional] 
**software_version** | **string** | The software version used to calculate this transaction. | [optional] 
**origin_address_id** | **int** | The unique ID number of the origin address for this transaction. | [optional] 
**destination_address_id** | **int** | The unique ID number of the destination address for this transaction. | [optional] 
**exchange_rate_effective_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | If this transaction included foreign currency exchange, this is the date as of which the exchange rate was calculated. | [optional] 
**exchange_rate** | **double** | If this transaction included foreign currency exchange, this is the exchange rate that was used. | [optional] 
**is_seller_importer_of_record** | **bool** | By default, the value is null, when the value is null, the value can be set at nexus level and used.  If the value is not null, it will override the value at nexus level.                If true, this seller was considered the importer of record of a product shipped internationally.                If this transaction is not an international transaction, this field may be left blank.                The \&quot;importer of record\&quot; is liable to pay customs and import duties for products shipped internationally.  If  you specify that the seller is the importer of record, then estimates of customs and import duties will be added  as tax details to the transaction.  Otherwise, the buyer is considered the importer of record, and customs  and import duties will not be added to the tax details for this transaction. | [optional] 
**description** | **string** | Description of this transaction.  Field permits unicode values. | [optional] 
**email** | **string** | Email address associated with this transaction. | [optional] 
**business_identification_no** | **string** | VAT business identification number used for this transaction. | [optional] 
**modified_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The date/time when this record was last modified. | [optional] 
**modified_user_id** | **int** | The user ID of the user who last modified this record. | [optional] 
**tax_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Tax date for this transaction | [optional] 
**lines** | [**\Together\Taxes\Model\TransactionLineModel[]**](TransactionLineModel.md) | A list of line items in this transaction.  To fetch this list, add the query string &#x60;?$include&#x3D;Lines&#x60; or &#x60;?$include&#x3D;Details&#x60; to your URL. | [optional] 
**addresses** | [**\Together\Taxes\Model\TransactionAddressModel[]**](TransactionAddressModel.md) | A list of line items in this transaction.  To fetch this list, add the query string &#x60;?$include&#x3D;Addresses&#x60; to your URL.                For more information about transaction addresses, please see [Using Address Types](https://developer.avalara.com/avatax/dev-guide/customizing-transaction/address-types/)  in the AvaTax Developer Guide. | [optional] 
**location_types** | [**\Together\Taxes\Model\TransactionLocationTypeModel[]**](TransactionLocationTypeModel.md) | A list of location types in this transaction.  To fetch this list, add the query string &#x60;?$include&#x3D;Addresses&#x60; to your URL. | [optional] 
**summary** | [**\Together\Taxes\Model\TransactionSummary[]**](TransactionSummary.md) | Contains a summary of tax on this transaction. | [optional] 
**tax_details_by_tax_type** | [**\Together\Taxes\Model\TaxDetailsByTaxType[]**](TaxDetailsByTaxType.md) | Contains the tax details per tax type | [optional] 
**parameters** | [**\Together\Taxes\Model\TransactionParameterModel[]**](TransactionParameterModel.md) | Contains a list of extra parameters that were set when the transaction was created. | [optional] 
**messages** | [**\Together\Taxes\Model\AvaTaxMessage[]**](AvaTaxMessage.md) | List of informational and warning messages regarding this API call.  These messages are only relevant to the current API call. | [optional] 
**invoice_messages** | [**\Together\Taxes\Model\InvoiceMessageModel[]**](InvoiceMessageModel.md) | Invoice messages associated with this document. Currently, this stores legally-required VAT messages. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


