# CreateMultiDocumentModel

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**code** | **string** | The transaction code of the MultiDocument transaction.                All individual transactions within this MultiDocument object will have this code as a prefix.                If you leave the &#x60;code&#x60; field blank, a GUID will be assigned. | [optional] 
**lines** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\MultiDocumentLineItemModel[]**](MultiDocumentLineItemModel.md) | Lines that will appear on the invoice.                For a MultiDocument transaction, each line may represent a different company or reporting location code.  AvaTax  will separate this MultiDocument transaction object into many different transactions, one for each pair of legal  entities, so that each legal entity can file their transactional taxes correctly. | 
**allow_adjust** | **bool** | Set this value to true to allow this API call to adjust the MultiDocument model if one already exists.                If you omit this field, or if the value is &#x60;null&#x60;, you will receive an error if you try to create two MultiDocument  objects with the same &#x60;code&#x60;. | [optional] 
**type** | **string** | Specifies the type of document to create.  A document type ending with &#x60;Invoice&#x60; is a permanent transaction  that will be recorded in AvaTax.  A document type ending with &#x60;Order&#x60; is a temporary estimate that will not  be preserved.                If you omit this value, the API will assume you want to create a &#x60;SalesOrder&#x60;. | [optional] 
**company_code** | **string** | Company Code - Specify the code of the company creating this transaction here.  If you leave this value null,  your account&#39;s default company will be used instead. | [optional] 
**date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Transaction Date - The date on the invoice, purchase order, etc.                By default, this date will be used to calculate the tax rates for the transaction.  If you wish to use a  different date to calculate tax rates, please specify a &#x60;taxOverride&#x60; of type &#x60;taxDate&#x60;. | 
**salesperson_code** | **string** | Salesperson Code - The client application salesperson reference code. | [optional] 
**customer_code** | **string** | Customer Code - The client application customer reference code.  Note: This field is case sensitive. To have exemption certificates apply, this value should  be the same as the one passed to create a customer. | 
**customer_usage_type** | **string** | DEPRECATED - Date: 10/16/2017, Version: 17.11, Message: Please use entityUseCode instead.  Customer Usage Type - The client application customer or usage type. | [optional] 
**entity_use_code** | **string** | Entity Use Code - The client application customer or usage type.  For a list of  available usage types, use [ListEntityUseCodes](https://developer.avalara.com/api-reference/avatax/rest/v2/methods/Definitions/ListEntityUseCodes/) API. | [optional] 
**discount** | **double** | Discount - The discount amount to apply to the document.  This value will be applied only to lines  that have the &#x60;discounted&#x60; flag set to true.  If no lines have &#x60;discounted&#x60; set to true, this discount  cannot be applied. | [optional] 
**purchase_order_no** | **string** | Purchase Order Number for this document.                This is required for single use exemption certificates to match the order and invoice with the certificate. | [optional] 
**exemption_no** | **string** | Exemption Number for this document.                If you specify an exemption number for this document, this document will be considered exempt, and you  may be asked to provide proof of this exemption certificate in the event that you are asked by an auditor  to verify your exemptions.  Note: This is same as &#39;exemptNo&#39; in TransactionModel. | [optional] 
**addresses** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\AddressesModel**](AddressesModel.md) | Default addresses for all lines in this document.                These addresses are the default values that will be used for any lines that do not have their own  address information.  If you specify addresses for a line, then no default addresses will be loaded  for that line. | [optional] 
**parameters** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\TransactionParameterModel[]**](TransactionParameterModel.md) | Special parameters for this transaction.                To get a full list of available parameters, please use the [ListParameters](https://developer.avalara.com/api-reference/avatax/rest/v2/methods/Definitions/ListParameters/) endpoint. | [optional] 
**reference_code** | **string** | Customer-provided Reference Code with information about this transaction.                This field could be used to reference the original document for a return invoice, or for any other  reference purpose. | [optional] 
**reporting_location_code** | **string** | Sets the sale location code (Outlet ID) for reporting this document to the tax authority.                This value is used by Avalara Managed Returns to group documents together by reporting locations  for tax authorities that require location-based reporting. | [optional] 
**commit** | **bool** | Causes the document to be committed if true.  This option is only applicable for invoice document  types, not orders. | [optional] 
**batch_code** | **string** | BatchCode for batch operations. | [optional] 
**tax_override** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\TaxOverrideModel**](TaxOverrideModel.md) | Specifies a tax override for the entire document | [optional] 
**currency_code** | **string** | The three-character ISO 4217 currency code for this transaction. | [optional] 
**service_mode** | **string** | Specifies whether the tax calculation is handled Local, Remote, or Automatic (default).  This only  applies when using an AvaLocal server. | [optional] 
**exchange_rate** | **double** | Currency exchange rate from this transaction to the company base currency.                This only needs to be set if the transaction currency is different than the company base currency.  It defaults to 1.0. | [optional] 
**exchange_rate_effective_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Effective date of the exchange rate. | [optional] 
**pos_lane_code** | **string** | Sets the Point of Sale Lane Code sent by the User for this document. | [optional] 
**business_identification_no** | **string** | VAT business identification number for the customer for this transaction.  This number will be used for all lines  in the transaction, except for those lines where you have defined a different business identification number.                If you specify a VAT business identification number for the customer in this transaction and you have also set up  a business identification number for your company during company setup, this transaction will be treated as a  business-to-business transaction for VAT purposes and it will be calculated according to VAT tax rules. | [optional] 
**is_seller_importer_of_record** | **bool** | Specifies if the transaction should have value-added and cross-border taxes calculated with the seller as the importer of record.                Some taxes only apply if the seller is the importer of record for a product.  In cases where companies are working together to  ship products, there may be mutual agreement as to which company is the entity designated as importer of record.  The importer  of record will then be the company designated to pay taxes marked as being obligated to the importer of record.                Set this value to &#x60;true&#x60; to consider your company as the importer of record and collect these taxes.                This value may also be set at the Nexus level.  See &#x60;NexusModel&#x60; for more information. | [optional] 
**description** | **string** | User-supplied description for this transaction. | [optional] 
**email** | **string** | User-supplied email address relevant for this transaction. | [optional] 
**debug_level** | **string** | If the user wishes to request additional debug information from this transaction, specify a level higher than &#x60;normal&#x60;. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


